ACT No. XII, oF 1855.
PASSED BY THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL oF INDIA
(Received the assent of the Governor General on the 27th March 1855.)
AN AOT to enable Eacecutors, Administrators or Representatives to sue and
be sued for certain wrongs.
WHEREAS it is expedient to enable Executors, Administrators or Repre-
sentatives. in certain cases to sue and be sued in respect
Prcamble.
of certain wrongs which, according to the prc30nt law,
do not survive to or against Buch Executors, Administrators or Represen-
tatives It is enacted as follows:
I. An action may be maintained by the Executors, Administrators
Executors may sue
or Representatives of any person deceased, for any wrong
and be sued in cerlain committed in the life-time of such person.
which has
mitted in the life-time occasioned pecuniary loss to his estate, for which wrong
of a deceased person
an action might have been maintained by such person
so as such wrong shall have been committed within one year before his
death, and provided such action shall be brought within one year after the
death of such person
and the damages, when recovered, shall be part
of the personal estate of such person and further, an action may be
maintained against the Executors or Administrators or Heirs or Re-
presentatives of any person deceased for any wrong committed by
him in his life-time for which he would have been subjcct to an action
so as such wrong shall have been committed within one year before such
person's dcath, and so as such action shall be commenced within two years
after the committing of the wrong and the damages to be recovered in
such action shall, if recovered against an Executor or Administrator bound
to administer according to the English Law, be payable in like order of
administration as the simple contract debts of such person.
II. No action commenced under the provisions of this Act shall abate
by reason of the death of either parly, but the same may
Death of cither part
mot to abate suit
or Representatives of the party deceased. Provided
that,
