ACT No. XII OF 1856
of the Court, to examine the Ameen personally in open Court touching
any of the matters referred to him or mentioncd in his report, or the manner
in which he may have conducted his investigation.
VIII. Whenever a Civil Court Ameen may be employed on any duty
Expense
of civil connected with a pending suit, or the execution of a decree,
Court meens how to except the sale of property, the Court shall estimate the
be charged.
time which the duty may be expected to occupy, and shall
charge for the expense of the Ameen such fixed rate peri diem as may be de
termined by the Sudder Court
The amount shall be paid into Court by the
party at whose instance or for whose benefit the Ameen is deputed, and shall
be added to the costs of suit
IX. When a Civil Court Ameen shall be employed to sell property, a
deduction at the rate of one anna in the Rupee shall be
When employed to
sell property
made from the proceeds of the sale. If no sale takes place
on to be made from
by reason of the claim being satisfied, or for any other cause
proceeds
Expenses, if no sale a charge shall be made for the expenses of the Ameen ac
akes place
cording to the time he may be employed. A deposit to meet
this charge, calculated in the manner prescribed in the preceding Section, shall
be made before the Ameen is deputed, and shall be returned to the depositor
if the sale takes place
All sums paid for the employment of Ameens, and all
sums deducted from the proceeds of sales, shall be credited to Government
X. Nothing contained in this Act shall be held to prohibit the Civil
Courts in the North-Western Provinces of the Presidency
the
Civil Courts
in
of Fort William from making use of the agency of the
North-Western Pr
Dces
employ
Revenue officers in investigations and adjustments of ac
Revenue
certain cases
counts connected with land paying revenue to Government,
under such general directions as may from time to time be prescribed by the
Sudder Court. Whenever a Tuhseeldar, a Naib Tuhseeldar, or a Peshkar, shall
be employed in any such investigation or adjustment under the orders of a
Civil Court, he shall possess all the powers vested in Civil Court Ameens by
Section VII of this Act and the provisions of the said Section shall be applica
ble to the proceedings held by such officer.
Opie
Supdt. G
Printing. No. 218 L. C.- 8-5-69.
