ACT No. XII oF 1856.
4. In the sale of moveable property, and of houses, gardens, and other
immoveable property of the kind described in Section III, Regulation VII
5. In ascertaining the sufficiency of sureties and the means of persons
suing in forma pauperis
VI. Whenever any accounts shall be referred to a Civil Court Ameen for
investigation or adjustment, the Court slall direct the parties
Procedure
n refer
or their agents to attend the Ameen
and shall furnish
ring accounts to Civil
Court Ameen for in
him with such part of the proceedings and suele detailed
vestigation or adjust
ment.
instructions as may appear necessary for his information
and guidance, and the instructions shall specify whether the Ameen is merely
to transmit the proceedings which he may hold on the enquiry, or also to report
his own opinion on the matter referred for lis investigation.
VII. Clause 1. Whenever a local enquiry is directed, the Court sliall
distinctly specify the point or points to be investigated, and
rocedure in cases
of local enquiry
the Civil Court Ameen shall have power to examine, on oatit
or affirmation, such witnesses as may be produced to him by the parties or any
of them, the parties themselves, and any other persons whom he may thinl
proper to call upon to give evidence
and also to call for and examine docu-
ments and other papers relevant to the subject of enquiry and persons not
attending on the requisition of a Civil Court Ameen, or refusing to give thei
testimony or sign their depositions, or to produce any documents or otlier papers
shall be subject to the like penalties and punishments by order of the Court on
the report of the Ameen
as they would incur for the same offences
in suits
tried in Court.
Having completed his proceedings, the Civil Court Ameen
Clause 2
Report of the civil shall return the depositions taken by liim together witl
Court Amee
and re
his report in writing to the Court. The report and deposi-
of the depos
Ons
tions shall be received as evidence in the case but it shall
taken by him.
ie competent to tie Court, or to tie parties, or any of them, with the permissio
of
