ACT No. XII OF 1859
IV. The Lieutenant-Governor shall appoint such person as he may think
the proceedings before the Court as
Appointment of prose
Prosecutor on the part of Government
cutor.
y. Eyery trial under this Act shall be held before the said Judge and a
Jury composed of two Merchants of Calcutta, a Master
Trial to be held before
of a Merchant Ship lying in the Port of Calcutta, and a
the Judge and Jury
Pilot of not less than twenty years Service
The Judge shall cause to be prepared and shall keep two separate
lists, one containing the names of Merchants, the other
rye containing the names of Pilots, liable to serve on such
the Jury
Jury. The names in each list shall be erranged in al
phabetical order, and the place of abode and quality or business of each person
named shall be stated.
VII. When the Judge shall be about to hold a trial under this Act, he
shall give notice to the prosecutor and to the party accus
Notice to prosecutor
and accused of time and
ed of a time and place to be fixed by the Judge for ap
place for appointing Jury
pointing a Jury to serve at such trial.
VIII. At the time and place mentioned in the notice, the Judge in the
presence of the prosecutor and the person accused shall
Appointment of Jury.
read over the names which first occur in each of the said
lists of those Merchants and Pilots who he has reason to believe are present in
Calcutta and capable of attending as Jurors at the trial; and shall also propose
the name of a Master of a Merchant Ship lying in the Port of Calcutta, whom
he deems qualified to serve on such Jury. Hno objection be made and allowed,
tlie persons so nominated shall be the Jury to serve at the trial. If the prose
cutor or the party accused shall object to any of the persons named as Jurors,
he shall assign the grounds of his oljection and such objection shall forth
with be decided by the Judge
If the objection be allowed, the Judge shall
read from the said lists or propose (as the case may be)
another
name in
the place of the one objected to, and the person so moninated shall serve
on the Jury provided no objection to such person be made and allowed as
aforesaid
IN
en
