ACT No. XII F. 1859
If it shall appear to the Judge of the said Court that the verdict
XIX
f verdict of Jurors be of the Jurors is manifestly contrary to the evidence,
or
manifestly contrary other.
that the trial is otherwise insufficient, the Judge
instead
dence, or trial be to ev
fficie
of passing sentence on the accused person or declaring
Wise
him acquitted, as the case may be, may certify thc same to the Licutenant-
Governor of Bengal, and the said Lieutenant-Governor may either order a new
trial before another Jury or acquit the accused person, as he shall think fil.
XX. It shall be lawful for the Lieutenant-Governor of Bengal to make
Power of Government
such rules as he shall think proper, not inconsistent with
to make rules of practice
the provisions of this Act, for conducting the proceedings
and regulating the practice of the said Court.
XXI. Nothing contained in this Act shall be held to restrict the Marine
moent from passing such orders
Act not to restrict Ma. Authorities or the
s or Go
A A
upon any charge of breach of
as may be de
vernment from passing
breach of duty where atria.
duty preferr
tagaffat my person employed in the said
not doomed meccaaary. Pilot Servieetu whet Taot be deemed necessary that
breach of duty under the pro-
such person should be brought to t
visions of this Aet.
XXII. If any person licensed to act as a Pilot when duly charged with
Withdrawal
of license breach of duty as aforesaid, shall refuse to submit himself
from licensed Pilo
to trial under the provisions of this Act, the license of such
person shall be withdrawn, and he shall be incapable of being again licensed to
act as a Pilot at the said Presidency
XXIII. Thc provisions of this Act shall extend to all persons employed
Act applicable to per
in the Pilot Service at the said Presidency and borne on
n ervice
Son
the rolls of the Government establishment, whether such
and to licensed Pilots
persons receive fixed salaries, or are remunerated by a portion of the pilotage
charged on the vessels piloted by them, or in any other manner, and to all per
sons licensed to act as Pilots at the said Presidency
